educators always tell you what I was hearing you repeat that your grade
is not the important thing learning what they're trying to teach you
is important learning how old put their teaching you will fit into
your life is court mastering the material is important learning yourself
whether Michael that how do I need to behave to be able to do
the right thing all those things are important the GPA will follow
on its own but there are number of factors that will be decided by your
GPA one for instance is if you want to go on to graduate work it's
going to be impacted by Eugene another is if you're trying to get
a job there are lot of people who before they will hire you or look
at your grades and test and see whether you did well in school so all
of us have some affect but I think you know of being obsessed with
GPA is not productive focus on what you need to know what you need
to learn and what you need to find out about yourself during the process